Moscow did not settle right away
was built
Moscow did not believe in tears
she believed love was snow powdered
folded fascinated find heat
to the passerby
a little tree of the earth
alexander alexander
this city with you our steel we
by fate
you look into his face
so that there is no beginning to quench it
sorrow
it became a wedding
us garden ring Moscow rowan painted
the oaks stood the prince not
but they are not ash but without demand for growing
Moscow is not in vain to hope that all the foliage
Moscow will find clothes for trees
even the edge of the earth
alexander alexander
we have become this city with you
by fate
you look at his face so that it is not
beginning quench all the sadness he's become
wedding ring for us